# FYPModules
Final Year Project
Project descriptionThe Problem is trying to solve our FYP is that, the user aware what is happening around him in his area or his locality.With the help of user uploading live feeds or picture of the story. Basically, we create a social type Android application which helps out user to know is there a traffic jam in XYZ area or not, is there a new sale or deals occur in a shop or hotel or restaurant and other thing as well.
Module1:In which, I built up a platform where user upload their news feeds. So the technology used for this purpose is android studio and for database purpose used Firebase. Also used in other api's like when user upload feed then he gives the picture or video which they capture on that time, the title and the description. When the user clicks an upload button, then on news feed automatically the geotagging of that place and time appeared. So api's used for this purpose are Picasso for images, retrofit for uploading videos, google map api.
Module2:In which, I build up a platform where user broadcast their event using live-streaming. The WOWZA Streaming Engine used for this purpose. In which we used two protocol RTSP (real time Streaming Protocol) and RTMP (real time messaging protocol). In RTSP, the user upload live streaming on the server (Wowza) by using this protocol and RTMP used for uploading live streaming into home page where all the users see the live streaming. 
Module3:In which, I build up a server where the admin track all the registered user activities means they have an authority to find out no of like, no of dislike, no of post and other things. The reason behind for creating the server is that, if the user uploads a false feed and other stuff. If the dislike margin, which are set on every post exceeded, then the server automatically remove this post and also warn a user do not post any un-relevant post in future. If the user does this again the server simply removes it.
